okay if we're going to take a vision the
tape we use a soft tape so that will
conform with the head put it just above
the ears and across the forehead
this measure is 56 and a bit 56
centimeters so it's a size 56 hat Mike
will try on some apps and put them on
just so they're comfortable we'll try
one that's a size 55 which is smaller
than the measurement indicates if you
put it on just where it's comfortable
not tight then you see that this is
riding high above the ears and high on
the forehead it's going to be insecure
and it doesn't look right now let's try
on a one that one that's too big 57 this
comes down and pushes on the ears
obviously too big all the way around if
we go to a 56 which is the correct size
when it's comfortable it's just above
the ears and fits
now the best way to try on a hat to get
the size is to take a soft fur felt such
as the Sydney fedora where there the Hat
can conform to your head shape the other
factor of fitting is not just size but
the oval this oval where it fits on
heads differ so you have to have one
that will adapt and the soft Sydney will
adapt to your head shape they all look
better when they have a little crease in
it why don't you put a crease in that
take it down the traditional Fedora
crease was just a simple grease on the
top a couple of dents in the front turn
down makes a major difference with the
Sun with it ungreased we can show the
size if your hat is just a little too
big for you then you can use padding to
Pat it up by putting felt tape
underneath the sweat band if it's a
little loose at the sides compared to
the front you can fill in the sides with
the felt tape you just lift the sweat
and put the tape in place smooth it over
go to the other side and put the tape
just under the sweat band smooth it over
if that's too much
take half out of each side but keep it
comparable
[Music]
you